[release-2.4.0 < T243-MAGE] Add logging api changes (#516)
memgraph/docs: docs/changelog.md

- Make behavior more [openCypher](http://opencypher.org/) compliant regarding checking against `NULL` values is `CASE` expressions. [#432](https://github.com/memgraph/memgraph/pull/432)
- Previously registered replicas are automatically registered on restart of Memgraph. [#415](https://github.com/memgraph/memgraph/pull/415)
- Add new command `SHOW CONFIG` that returns the configuration of the currently running Memgraph instance. [#459](https://github.com/memgraph/memgraph/pull/459)

> - Extend C API and Python API to enable logging on certain level. [#417](https://github.com/memgraph/memgraph/pull/417)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Extend the query modules C and Python API to enable logging on different levels. [#417](https://github.com/memgraph/memgraph/pull/417)
```
